What was it?
The surveillance is already broken
Lin Feng, you told me this yourself.
I already saw that you are a white-eyed wolf who wants to be familiar
That's why I said that to you on purpose
Just in case something happens
Now I was right to be worried.
You you lie lie
I have intercepted the surveillance.
Drug me first
Then forced me to press my fingerprints
If I call the police
They all go to jail.
It's no use smashing my phone
I have sent the video.
Lin Feng, are you still human?
You really want to set us up?
We are all your relatives
Yes dear
Did you treat me as a close relative when you drugged me?
Did you treat me as your family when you forced me to press my fingerprints?
What do you want?
I'm going to put you all in jail.
Are you not afraid of lightning strikes?
If you want to hack, you will be hacked first.
Li Feng
Sister is wrong
Sister apologizes to you
Can you forgive my sister?
Li Fang, I am your biological mother
Do you really want to see me go to prison?
You don't want me to call the police.
Kneel down for me
What did you say?
All kneel down for me